Investments
Preserve capital and maintain liquidity. To support and grow your business, you need to make the most of excess balances. This involves 
not simply knowing where cash is, but also having the right tools to access and use funds in the most effective way possible. That’s why our savings, 
equity and investment solutions are designed to help you consolidate balances for faster, easier access to capital when it’s needed – helping you 
put idle funds to work growing liquidity and protecting your business. 

Throughout our history, clients have trusted Rundle to help them reach their unique investment goals. We are pleased to offer several ways to invest with Rundle based on your level of investment and desired level of advice.

Individual Investing

Rundle Direct Investing Ltd.
Rundle Direct Investing Ltd. (MDIL) is a subsidiary of Rundle Investments When you invest with MDIL, a team of experienced investment advisors is available to assist you with your personal investment profile and provide recommendations on the best use of the Rundle Mutual Funds to meet your investment goals. This non-discretionary investment management service means that you maintain control over all your investment decisions and changes to your portfolio are made only with your authorization.
MDIL is available to individuals, families, holding corporations, and trusts with investment portfolios greater than $250,000.    
Learn more

Investment Counselling
Investment Counselling is grounded on communication and understanding: we strive to gain an in-depth knowledge of our clients’ unique circumstances and objectives. To develop this holistic understanding, your dedicated investment counsellor will work with you to create an investment portfolio that reflects your time horizon and individual investment goals.       
This is a discretionary service—this means your dedicated investment counsellor manages your portfolio on your behalf. This provides peace of mind by freeing you from the ongoing decision-making surrounding your portfolios.
Rundle provides Investment Counselling for individuals, families, holding corporations, foundations, trusts and estates.
Learn more

Investing through a discount broker or investment advisor
Rundle Mutual Funds are also available for purchase through investment advisors and discount brokers (with the exception of RBC Direct Investing).
A minimum initial purchase of $5,000 per fund is required. Once the initial minimum is met, there are no minimum requirements for additional investments.
Rundle Mutual Funds are no load. We do not pay commissions to dealers or charge fees to purchase, switch, or redeem our funds. The Management Expense Ratio for the funds is the same regardless of whether they are purchased through a broker or directly with Rundle. Please note, additional investment advisor or discount brokerage fees may apply.
Explore our funds
To invest through a discount broker or investment advisor, please contact the financial institution or investment advisor directly.

Family Offices

Since 1974, we have provided investment services to family offices and helped them meet their financial goals. Our investment counsellors have extensive experience with the specific issues and challenges that face many family offices including: financial stewardship, asset allocation and portfolio construction, investment education, family and corporate governance, intergenerational wealth transfer, and collaboration with other professionals.
Learn more

Institutional Investing

With over thirty years of experience managing institutional assets, Rundle is the investment manager of choice for some of the largest and most well-known companies, organizations, and charitable foundations. Over two-thirds of our firm’s assets under management relate to institutional investors, each with their own set of unique goals and objectives.
Learn more